DataValue class can hold string, int, bool, list of DataValue and map of string to DataValue using a varaint approach. DataValue class has print method that will print the underlying data. DataValue class has equality operator overload that will compare int, string and bool by value, and for list it will compare each DataValue and its size and for map it will search for the key, if it exist then it will check if the value matches, if key is not found it will return false. The order of the map is ignored. DataValue has methods to insert and get into map and list, if the underlying data is not map or list it will return an empty DataValue object. DataValue supports methods to check type (use DV::DataType enum in dataValue.h file) and to check if a given DataValue object is empty and to get size of a given DataValue object (return 1 for int, string, bool and returns size of map or list). DataValue also supports method to remove from list and map, if a given DataValue object is not map or list it return std::nullopt. If underlying data is list, if list empty it will return std::nullopt, if index is out of bounds it will return std::nullopt else it will return a new list with the value at index removed. If underlying data structure is map, if size is 0 it will return std::nullopt, if key is not found it will return std::nullopt, else it will return a new map with the value corresponding to the key removed.


GameState is an abstarct class with a map of string to DataValue that different states can inherit. It implements different fucntions for getting quoted string node, number node, bool node, value_map, expression_lists and expression. These functions are put in a map corresponding to their symbols called FuncType.

All States must implement configure method to set their value by using the treeManager Library.

ConfigurationState implements its own functions to get accurate value since its structure is different than other states. Then assigns these functions to Functype and uses it set its data.

ConstantState, VariableState and PerPlayerState has the same structure so it uses the FuncType defined by GameState class and uses it set its data starting from its root.